HTTP Header				Description
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Content-Type	       			Denotes the type of media
Date               		   	Date and Time from the response
Server          		        Information about the Server Software
Set-Cookie			        Assigns cookies from Server to Client
Connection				Controls network connection
Content-Encoding			Specifies compression type
Vary					Details how to determine if cache can be used rather than a new response from server
Cache-Control				Details caching options in requests and responses
Transfer-Encoding			Encoding to be used for transfer of data
Expires					Specifies when the response becomes "stale"
Content-Length				Size of resource in number of bytes
X-Powered-By				Hosting and Backend Server Frameworks may use this. Can reveal sensitive information (version and software).
Link					Serialising one or more links in HTTP headers
Pragma					Related to caching, may be implemented in different ways.
Keep-Alive				Specifies how long a persistent connection stays open
Last-Modified				Last modification date of resource. Used for caching.
X-Content-Type-Options			Disables MIME Sniffing and forces browser to use type shown in Content-Type
CF-RAY					CloudFlare Header. A hashed value encoding information about the data center and the request.
ETag					Cache Validation Tag. Also used for tracking users with cookies disabled.
X-Frame-Options				Specifies whether browser should show page in an iFrame
CF-Cache-Status				CloudFlare header shows whether a resource is cached
Accept-Ranges	 
Strict-Transport-Security		Force communication to use HTTS (not HTTP)
X-XSS-Protection			Enables Cross Site Scripting (XSS) filtering
Expect-CT				Reporting and enforcement of Certificate Transparency. Prevents the use of mis-issued certificates for the site.
					When enabled the Expect-CT header requests that Chrome checks certificates for the site appear in public CT logs.
X-Cache					Used by CDN's to specify whether resource in CDN cache matches server resource
set-cookie				Assigns cookies from Server to Client
Age					Time in seconds resource has been in proxy cache
Upgrade					One way to switch from HTTP to HTTPS
Content-Language			Describes the language(s) intended for the document
P3P					Privacy Protocol that was not widely adopted
Content-Security-Policy CSP		Controls which resources the client can load for the page
Via					Added by proxies. Can be used for both forward and reverse proxies (requests & responses)
Alt-Svc					List other ways to access service
X-AspNet-Version			Specifies the version of ASP.NET being used
Access-Control-Allow-Origin		Details whether the response can be shared.
X-UA-Compatible				Compatiability header for old versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer (IE) and Edge
Referrer-Policy				Rules which referrer information sent in the referrer header is incorporated with requests
Report-To				Header used for adding troubleshooting information??
NEL					An option for developers to set network error reporting.
X-Download-Options			Specific to IE8. Stops downloads opening directly in browser.
X-Permitted-Cross-Domain-Policies	 
X-Proxy-Cache				Enable caching in NGINX reverse proxy
Etag					Used for HTTP Cache validation and conditional requests using If-Match and If-None-Match
X-Request-Id				Unique request ID that associates HTTP requests between a client and a server.
X-Cacheable				Non-standard header related to caching, use can vary between different proxy & cdn networks
X-Dc	 
X-Sorting-Hat-PodId			Shopify Related
X-Shopify-Stage				Shopify Related
X-ShopId				Shopify Related
X-Sorting-Hat-ShopId			Shopify Related
X-ShardId				Shopify Related
X-Alternate-Cache-Key			Shopify Related
X-Cache-Hits				Data successfully located in cache memory
X-Varnish				ID of the current request and the ID of the request that populated the Varnish cache
X-Pass-Why				provides reason for a 'MISS' result in the x-cache
X-Generator				exposes information/meta data about the site such as version of software
X-Cache-Group				Tags the clients about the cache-group to which they belong
X-Powered-By-Plesk			Plesk Hosting Software
X-AspNetMvc-Version			Shows the version of the framework
X-Powered-CMS				Exposes name and version of CMS
X-Served-By				Caching related
expires					Contains the date/time after which the response object is considered stale
X-Amz-Cf-Pop				Amazon CloudFront
X-Amz-Cf-Id				Amazon CloudFront ID (CloudFront requires this information for debugging.)
X-Drupal-Cache				Indicates if request was served from Drupal Cache (Hit or Miss)
X-Xss-Protection			Internet explorer header compatibility filter for blocking XSS
Server-Timing				Conveys information for the request-response cycle
content-encoding			Header specifying compression (gzip / compress / deflates etc)
X-Timer					A "Fastly" header: end to end request timing information
X-Runtime				reveals time application takes to serve a request
X-ac					WordPress.com related
Host-Header				Maybe same as "Host:" header?
Access-Control-Allow-Headers	 
server					info incl version on software used by server
date	 
X-hacker				Recruitment 'ad' by automattic.com
Access-Control-Allow-Methods	 
X-LiteSpeed-Cache	 
X-Turbo-Charged-By			Added when clouflare is used
strict-transport-security		HSTS informs browser to use HTTPS not HTTP
etag					Identifies object (and version) for caching purposes
X-Robots-Tag				Allows you to choose content search engines can crawl on the site
X-Seen-By	 
X-Wix-Request-Id			Wix hosting request ID
x-contextid	 
X-Mod-Pagespeed				Module for apache (and nginx) to increase performance
X-Cache-Status	 
Status					Non-standard HTTP response status (Status: 200 OK)
X-Server-Cache				Non-standard caching related
x-ray					CloudFlare Releated
Cache-control				Specifies requests and responses caching mechanisms
X-Cache-Enabled				Cache Enabled (True / False)
Access-Control-Allow-Credentials	Header tells browser whether to expose the response to frontend JavaScript
X-Server-Powered-By			Exposes server side software
X-Adblock-Key				Sites use this to bypass ad blocker plugins
X-Host					Non-standard host header
X-Nginx-Cache-Status			Nginx Caching Header
